>> [BACKGROUND MUSIC] And
I think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>It felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY: And
welcome to "Beyond Belief".
Perhaps one of the
most important programs
you've ever heard on vaccines.
With me, Dr. Sherri
Tenpenny, of course.
She is a noted author
and researcher.
Heads up her own clinic in the
Cleveland, Ohio area as well.
This is big stuff, isn't it?
>>SHERRI TENPENNY: It is.
It's become the topic
of the day for parents.
And it's actually
becoming more contentious
because when you talk about
vaccines it becomes polarized.
You're either for or
against, pro or con.
>>NOORY: The regular flu,
36,000 people die in the United
States--
>>TENPENNY: That's a lie.
>>NOORY: Every year
from the "regular" flu.
Yet, when we hear stories
of the SARS, or H1N1,
or whatever it is, they talk
about two or three people
have died.
But it could be a pandemic.
I don't understand this, Sherri.
How can they talk about
one or two isolated cases
and talk about it as
a pandemic when you've
got 36,000 people dying just
in the United States alone
from the normal, regular flu?
>>TENPENNY: You know what's
interesting about that, George,
is about four years ago there
were several of us who plowed
through a bunch of data that
actually came from the American
Lung Association.
Then when you actually broke it
down, that whole, often quoted,
statistic of 36,000
deaths per year
that you would hear 50 times
a week on the 6:00 news
was a lie.
There really are not
36,000 people a year
that die from the flu.
Actually, there are
less than 1,000.
>>NOORY: What?
>>TENPENNY: Probably about 800.
>>NOORY: Where do we
get these numbers?
>>TENPENNY: It comes from
the elderly people who
are dying from pneumonia
that may or may not
be a complication of the flu.
And that number is
really incorrect.
And if you'll notice, when we
brought this out in the media--
in fact, I think we talked
about it on your show on "Coast
to Coast"-- is that, since that
time, in the last three years,
they don't use that number
anymore because they've been
called out.
And so this whole issue of
pandemic, pandemic, pandemic--
remember we had bird flu?
And then we had swine flu?
And now, who knows, maybe
we'll have bunny flu--
>>NOORY: And still, no pandemic.
>>TENPENNY: And
still no pandemic.
They are constantly
thinking, sooner or later,
there's going to be the virus
that's going to be the big one.
And the only way that I could
say that there might be some
validity to that is that because
we have so over-vaccinated
children and adults these days
we have weakened their immune
system, that there
may come a day,
somewhere out in the
future, that some little,
garden variety of virus--
>>NOORY: Will pop up.
>>TENPENNY: Is going to come
along and cause a problem.
And that's
particularly true when
the virus is combined
with chemicals.
There was reports
that I dug out,
with one of the books
that I was writing,
that talked about the
combination of the influenza
virus and dioxin actually
doubled the death
rate in all of the mice.
So when you get all of these
chemical contaminants--
>>NOORY: Mixed in.
>>TENPENNY: The pesticides,
the genetically modified food,
and all of these things, that
we've weakened the human genome
to the effect that
perhaps in some day
there may be some garden
variety influenza that
comes around and
wipes us all out.
>>NOORY: What do we
do with newborns?
Newborns are born.
We vaccinate them.
What's going on there?
>>TENPENNY: Well,
unfortunately, we
used to always think
that the baby in the womb
was protected by the placenta.
That it was somehow
a shield against
environmental toxicities.
Well, the Environmental Working
Group came out with a study
about, it's been probably
eight or 10 years ago now,
that they actually tested
cord blood from the infant
at the time of birth and found
that the children were actually
exposed to more than 230
different types of chemicals
in utero.
And now we're talking about
vaccinating pregnant women
with flu shots,
pertussis vaccines.
I've even read a
report that they're
considering Gardasil
vaccines for cervical cancer
to be given to pregnant women.
So those babies are
going to be exposed
to those toxins in utero.
Now as soon as they're born,
as soon as the baby comes
through the birth canal--
or through c-section--
comes through the birth canal,
within 48 hours after birth,
we give them a
vitamin K shot, which
has benzyl alcohol
in it, which is
hard on their liver who
is not ready for that.
And we give them a Hepatitis
B vaccine at birth.
The Hepatitis B vaccine is the
most neurogenic, most toxic
vaccine, in my opinion,
that they've made yet.
And yet, we give this
to children at birth.
Now when they decided to do
that-- that was in 1991 when
they started giving the
Hepatitis B vaccine in birth--
the reason for that, which
is just ludicrous to me,
is that they were
having an outbreak
of Hepatitis B in
Southeast Asia.
That Hepatitis B was endemic in
the Southeast Asia population.
And so because of
that, we needed
to give Hepatitis B to
newborns in our country.
The vaccine was never tested
on newborns or children
when they brought it to market.
It had only been tested on
five and 10-year-old children.
So we now are damaging
children at birth.
And at that point in time--
that vaccine came out in 1991--
the Hib vaccine
came out in 1991.
And the chart graphs of
the incidence of autism
just went off the roof
starting at that point.
>>NOORY: We'll talk
about that in a second.
But I want you to look at
this video with regards
to vaccines and newborns.
>>TENPENNY: What we do
to these newborns is,
within minutes of birth,
they're exposed to latex.
They're exposed to vitamin K
shots, a vitamin K shot that
is given almost
immediately after birth,
on the outside chance that a
very rare blood disorder might
be happening in this baby.
It has nine milligrams
of benzyl alcohol.
And there have been reports,
in the pediatric literature,
particularly the Canadian
pediatric literature, that
thinks that it's that vitamin
K shot that's given right
at birth that leads these
children, many of them,
down the pathway into
jaundice and they
have kernicterus and all
these different problems.
Because their liver
is not meant to handle
that big dose of alcohol
as soon as they're born.
>>NOORY: As you
tell people this,
what has been their
reaction to this?
I mean, do they panic?
Do they say, I'm not
going to get a vaccine?
What do they do?
>>TENPENNY: That's
a great question.
And it's a wide response angle.
When I first started doing
this, back in September of 2000,
when I first started
investigating
the problems associated
with vaccines,
and I did my first
talk in 2001, at first,
there was just a
handful of us that
are bringing out all
of these problems.
And over time, over
the last 10, 12 years,
it has become-- it's gone from
a drip, drip, to a drizzle,
to a onslaught, like
a downpour, of people
who are now
questioning vaccines.
In fact, there was a big
study that just came out,
probably within the last year,
that they did a huge survey
across the country and they
found that 89% of parents
are now questioning vaccines.
>>NOORY: That's huge.
>>TENPENNY: They're
questioning the safety.
They're questioning
do they work.
They're questioning why
do we have to get so many.
And why do we have to get
them all at the same time.
Maybe there's something other
than this that we can do.
And so, the response
has really changed.
And people are now
really questioning.
And in fact, I believe that we
are reaching that critical mass
that if parents don't
question vaccines,
that is what should be called
child abuse and neglect, not
the parents who have
investigated and agonized
over their decision
and decided I am not
going to inject my children.
Where the Children's
Services can say,
well, then you're a bad parent.
Or the court says you're a
bad parent, like if there's
a divorce case that's going on.
But I think we're reaching
the point of parents
are saying, no more.
We've had enough.
>>NOORY: Sherri, you cannot go
to a drugstore without seeing
a big sign up there that says
flu shots available here--
>>TENPENNY: Today.
>>NOORY: From this
time to this time.
They're really pushing
flu vaccines, aren't they?
>>TENPENNY: They absolutely are.
For some reason, the government
and the pharmaceutical industry
and the medical industry
want every single person
injected with this flu vaccine.
I don't know what the--
>>NOORY: And what flu is it?
>>TENPENNY: Reason is for that.
Well, it's the three
viruses that they
pick from Southeast
Asia last year.
So they pick these viruses.
And then they say that
these are the ones
that we suspect are
going to be the ones that
are going to cause
influenza this year.
The CDC says that you
have to get a vaccine that
matches the one that's in the
environment for it to work.
But what people
don't really know
is that when they select
those three viruses to go
into the vaccine, those viruses
don't always grow well in eggs.
So they have to mix them
with other viruses that
do grow well in eggs.
So they're not going
to match the one that's
in circulation anyway.
So they find the ones
that grow well in eggs.
They inoculate these eggs.
They pick the little
shell off the top.
And they inject these
viruses in there.
11 days later--
>>NOORY: Are these chicken eggs?
>>TENPENNY: Chicken eggs.
And the chickens
actually have embryos
that are growing in them.
Because they have
to have the protein
that's in there for
the virus to replicate.
So they put the
viruses in this egg.
They put the eggs
in an incubator.
11 days later,
they suck out what
would be the egg white that
has the virus growing in it.
And they have to
centrifuge this slurry
because it contains chicken
blood, chicken proteins, avian
viruses, stray
viruses that we now
know have been associated
with breast cancer.
And all of those
things get centrifuged
and be put into the vial
of what is the flu shot.
Now that flu shot, the
multi-dose flu shots,
the ones that you have
like 10 shots in one vial,
still has mercury in it.
The individual ones don't.
But all of the viruses that
are-- all of the vaccines
have the potential of
having chicken blood,
and chicken proteins,
and stray viruses
injected into your system.
Some of them are also--
there's other vaccines
that have cow viruses and dog
viruses and caterpillar bug
viruses.
All of these things
are now being used.
All of these tissues
are being used
to grow the influenza viruses.
The DNA from those animals
and the stray viruses
from those animals
end up in the vial
of the solution
that ends up being
injected into you
or your children.
We are actually going
through a process
now where it is
changing our genetics
because those stray
viruses get incorporated
into the human genome.
And that we are changing
the human genetics,
and in my opinion, weakening the
entire population of the world.
>>NOORY: Why do they use animal
embryos and eggs for this?
>>TENPENNY: Well,
viruses, in order for them
to replicate-- so if you
have a influenza virus,
you have to make trillions
and trillions of them
in order to make the solution
that goes in the vial.
Well, viruses can only
replicate in living tissues.
You can't grow them
in a Petri dish.
Or you can't
manufacture them through
a different
manufacturing process.
These are live viruses
that are replicated.
And they can only
grow in tissues.
In fact, that started
with the polio vaccine
when they tried many different
ways to make the virus grow.
And what they ended up using
was kidneys from monkeys
that they grew the virus in.
So that's why those stray
viruses from those kidney
monkeys, the SV 40 virus,
ended up in the population
because they ended up in the
polio vaccine back in the '50s.
Now they're talking about
using monkey kidneys
to make flu shots.
So now we will continue to get
that virus into the population.
>>NOORY: Monkey kidneys?
>>TENPENNY: Monkey
kidneys and dog kidneys.
There's a whole cell line
called from dog kidneys.
There's another cell
line that they're
using that is from
caterpillar eggs.
So we're getting bug, insect--
>>NOORY: Caterpillar eggs?
>>TENPENNY: Yes, so now
we're getting bug DNA in us.
>>NOORY: They don't announce
this too much do they?
>>TENPENNY: They use tissues
from aborted fetal cells that
have been a cell line in
perpetuity for a long time.
And cell lines that
divide in perpetuity,
they call them
immortalized cells.
Immortalized cells,
by definition,
are cancerous cells.
And we use these cancerous cells
to grow the virus that ends up
in the solution that
ends up in your arm.
And the CDC, and
the governing bodies
that are supposed to keep
track of all of these things,
know that those stray
viruses are there,
know they can cause cancer.
And they actually
regulate the manufacturers
to say that they
are only allowed
to have a certain number of
those immortalized cancer
cells in the
vaccine because they
know they'll cause problems.
>>NOORY: There's got
to be a better way.
>>TENPENNY: Well,
there's not a better way
to make any vaccines.
There's just a better
way to stay healthy.
>>NOORY: So it's
not a matter of this
is the best of what you can do?
It's all bad.
>>TENPENNY: That would be
my opinion, definitely yes.
Because I believe we're
about one generation away
of having such contaminated
DNA that we have so
weakened the human genome
that we are really set up
to fulfill the pharmaceutical
industry's vision statement.
And their vision statement is
that every human on the planet
will be on a minimum of two
prescription drugs every day
for life.
>>NOORY: For the
rest of their life.
>>TENPENNY: And that starts by
injecting children, at birth,
to make them customers for life
of the pharmaceutical industry.
>>NOORY: That's the goal.
>>TENPENNY: I believe
that's the goal.
>>NOORY: Do you think they're
doing it through vaccines?
>>TENPENNY: I believe that's
the place that it starts.
Like a lot of people
would say, well,
what about the genetically
modified food, and what
about chem trails,
and what about
the fluoride in the water,
and all these other things.
But vaccination starts at birth.
And now we are having--
the parents now
that were born since
1991 are now old enough
to start having families.
So now you got a
fully vaccinated mom,
a fully vaccinated
dad with damaged DNA,
getting together and
having a child that's
going to have corrupted,
or suspected problems
with their
mitochondrial-- like all
these mitochondrial
disorders they
talk about-- is
coming from parents
that are fully vaccinated.
So now you already have
a not so stable genetics
in the child that's being born.
And so, that is
all happening prior
to the first mouthful of
genetically modified food
that the child gets, or
the first time they brush
their teeth with
fluoride in the water.
So we have something
that's happening out
there of wanting to weaken
and debilitate the human race.
And like what you
said initially,
that may be the place
where we can have a garden
variety of influenza virus that
can come along and wipe out
a big portion of the population.
>>NOORY: It seems
like every year
there's a different
strain of some kind of flu
that starts somewhere in Asia.
Someplace it pops.
And then they run around,
they scurry around,
trying to develop a
vaccine to fight it.
We're always one step
behind, aren't we?
>>TENPENNY: Oh, always.
And there are thousands of
influenza viruses out there.
Influenza is known to only
infect mammals and birds.
>>NOORY: Why's that?
>>TENPENNY: I don't know.
I don't know.
But that's why they say that
birds can be the carriers.
You can have influenza in
ducks, and chickens, and all
the different birds
that have them.
And when the birds migrate,
and they go into ponds,
and they poop, and they spread
around all these viruses.
And we create these new
viruses with these new genomes.
So we're always going
to be one step behind.
We're always going to have
this potential for more viruses
being created than we'll
ever have vaccines for.
>>NOORY: Why does it seem
that so much disease is
in the Asian countries?
And always around chickens.
>>TENPENNY: Well, when you
look at that population
and you look at where people
live in Asian countries,
I mean, they live
with their animals.
I mean, they sleep with them.
They live with them.
>>NOORY: Then they go the
market and buy these chickens.
>>TENPENNY: Who are not
properly refrigerated.
And I mean, you can go in the
market and go behind there
and there's a cage.
And you just go pick
out your chicken.
And they chop off its head and
you take it home for dinner.
>>NOORY: Chop its head and
you take it home, yeah.
That's true.
>>TENPENNY: And the amount of
pollution that is particularly
in the major rivers in
China is just staggering.
Billions of tons of raw
sewage, of raw chemicals,
of manufacturing discharges, so
the sanitation there is so bad.
And they use coal.
And there's all
kinds of reasons why
that that population
is at greater risk.
>>NOORY: Sherri, if
people have been wronged,
they generally can
litigate, right?
You go to court.
You fight.
You really can't do
that with government.
And in most cases,
you can't do it
with pharmaceutical companies.
They are protected.
How come?
>>TENPENNY: There was
a piece of legislation
that was passed in 2006 that
was called Division E. That was,
at the time, Senator Bill
Frist at the very end
of a legislative session, it
was right before Christmas.
>>NOORY: Leaked it in.
>>TENPENNY: He actually stuck it
in on the backside of a Defense
Appropriations Bill.
So the Committee
had already met.
They have already approved this
big budget for the defense.
Most of the committee
had gone home.
And he put in this
Division E document.
And inside of that
document it was the hugest
win ever for the
pharmaceutical industry.
That they cannot be sued, even
if they create a product that
can kill you.
>>NOORY: And
knowingly, let's say.
>>TENPENNY: And
knowingly do it, exactly.
And unless you prove intent,
which how are you ever going
to do that, you can just be
killed by these products.
They can actually
mandate and force you
to get a vaccine
against your will,
take a drug against your will.
And that's all inside of that
document called Division E.
>>NOORY: So if you
find a whistleblower
from within this
company who says,
oh, we knew this was
not going to work,
or we knew people could be
harmed, you can't sue them.
>>TENPENNY: No, you
cannot sue them.
They're protected now more than
ever because of that document
that was passed.
It was a really big deal.
Many of the Senators and
Representatives-- even
at the time, Ted Kennedy was
still alive, and he said,
we frequently see the
pharmaceutical industry
get big wins around here.
We have never seen them get as
big a win as what this one is.
>>NOORY: And that's blanket
throughout the industry.
>>TENPENNY: That's blanket
across the industry.
So they are now
protected for anything.
About two years ago, there
was a lawsuit that was won--
I think it went all the way
up to the Supreme Court--
that said that even generic
drugs cannot be sued if they
cause terrible harm.
In the vaccine industry,
we've had the National Vaccine
Registry that's been
involved and you
can't sue the
pharmaceutical company
over vaccines since 1986 when
Reagan signed that into play.
>>NOORY: That's
what a vaccine does.
It's made them
immune to lawsuits.
>>TENPENNY: There
you go, exactly yes.
It's also made them
immune to logic.
And I'm hoping that parents
will hear this discussion
and they will
understand that they
need to take
responsibility for what's
coming through that needle.
They can't just look at
another person standing there
in a white coat
who is-- why do we
have this whole thing that
the doctor knows best?
I'm hoping that that's
going to die out
with the geriatric population
that grew up in the '40s that
really believed and
trusted in their doctor.
I think that parents now need
to take more responsibility.
And they need to
understand the best way
to take care of their
children is not necessarily
what the pediatrician
tells them to do.
>>NOORY: Well, most
of these doctors
are told about these
new pharmaceuticals
from the marketing sales
person of the drug company.
>>TENPENNY: Exactly.
>>NOORY: Now, in
the old days-- I
think it's changed somewhat--
didn't they also pay
the doctors for pushing
their prescriptions?
So if you had 50
patients and you
wanted to put them
on medicine number x
and you pushed it and
wrote the script for it,
you'd be rewarded from the
pharmaceutical company.
>>TENPENNY: Yes, it was not so
much on an actual cash basis.
But you would get
these indirect rewards.
>>NOORY: Little perks?
>>TENPENNY: Like a free all
expenses paid trip to Hawaii.
Or that they would have some
big conference somewhere
and you could go for free.
They have these speakers
that make tens of thousands,
hundreds of thousands
of dollars a year
pushing the drugs in the
pharmaceutical industry.
So there have been
some rules that
have changed about that
in terms of marketing.
It's much less blatant,
but it still exists.
>>NOORY: You have
some people who
have been indicted,
they've gone to jail,
because they step forward and
say things about government.
Government accuses
them of things,
of bilking the public, different
issues, different cases,
but is there a battle
going on here now, Sherri,
between government and
industry and individuals,
like you, who are trying
to get the word out
about certain things?
>>TENPENNY: Oh,
there absolutely is.
In fact, I just got a report a
couple of days ago about there
was a very large conference
in Silicon Valley
that they were talking about
writing these computer bots--
these bots that would go out
and look all over the Internet
and look for certain keywords
and things like that.
And now they have decided
that Dr. Andrew Wakefield's
one and only retracted study,
and it was because of him, he
falsified everything, that
that's the only thing that
has anything to do with autism.
So they constantly make Dr.
Wakefield the scapegoat.
>>NOORY: Let's destroy the guy.
>>TENPENNY: Just
destroy the guy.
And it has nothing to do with
the MMR vaccine or anything
like that.
Well, they were talking
about this actually
at the conference, and
said that because of that,
we know that there's
all these people who
believe in these myths
that vaccines cause harm.
And there's never been
any proof anywhere
that shows that
vaccines can cause harm.
And so they created a bot,
an actual computer bot,
that goes out and looks for
anti-vaccine types of words
and they have a
self-generating script
that goes and debates and
fights all these people
and shuts down websites.
So sometimes if you get into
an argument with somebody
about vaccines, it
may be a computer bot.
It may not even
be a real person.
And they're doing
this, ostensibly,
to shut down the discussion,
shut down the debate,
take away parents' rights,
take away choice, take away
your rights.
We talk about
children all the time,
but what about your
right as an adult
to not get a flu shot or
a Hepatitis B vaccine?
Or what about the
people in the military
who are just subjected
to everything.
>>NOORY: Well, when I was
going through the Navy, that's
what I did.
They said, you need these.
And you get 'em--
>>TENPENNY: And you get them.
>>NOORY: With no
questions asked.
>>TENPENNY: Yeah, there's
a little known portion
of the military that
people who are considering
going into the military
may want to explore.
Is that if you declare your
religious exemption, which
is upheld by the
US Constitution,
declare your religious
exemption prior
to becoming a military member.
That, I believe, is
still in the case.
That the military has to honor
that and your right to refuse.
However, once you're a military
member in any of the branches,
you are now property
of the US government.
And you have to be
subjected to whatever
they want to do to you.
>>NOORY: And that happens.
>>TENPENNY: And that
very much happens.
>>NOORY: Happens quite a bit.
What do you see,
Sherri, to date,
as the biggest issue
facing what you do?
Is it the vaccine?
What specifically is it?
>>TENPENNY: The right
of freedom of choice,
the right to maintain--
>>NOORY: Which is
being taken away.
>>TENPENNY: Well,
the right to be
able to know what's in my food,
the labeling of genetically
modified food.
The right to say, I
don't want any vaccines.
Thank you very much.
I'll do this differently.
My right to practice
medicine the way
that I want to practice it.
That I want to recommend things
from a natural perspective
and homeopathy and nutrition
and lifestyle changes.
Because they're trying
to take that away too.
With this new
legislation that is
coming into play--
elements of Obamacare--
that have said that
there are going
to be criteria as a physician.
That if you come in to me
and your cholesterol is not
under control, and I don't
prescribe you a statin,
I get a ding against my record.
I think that they're going to
tie that somehow to licensure.
I think that we're going
to be looking at vaccines
in the future that could be
tied to all sorts of things
that we haven't seen so far.
Things like, have you
had your flu shot,
to be able to get your
driver's license renewed.
Or to be able to get
on an airplane you have
to show documented proof
that you've had a flu shot--
>>NOORY: No sickies
on this plane, right?
>>TENPENNY: Right.
They give flu shots now
in airports sometimes.
Now, I've often thought
about if somebody goes to go
into an airport-- because
you and I travel a lot--
and you go in there and
somebody gets a flu shot,
what if the pilot
gets a flu shot,
and halfway across the ocean--
>>NOORY: And has a reaction.
>>TENPENNY: Has a reaction.
What are you going
to do with that?
And they've done that before.
Back in the '40s, you could
not go on train travel
without having proof of
having had a smallpox vaccine.
>>NOORY: Wow, I
didn't know that.
>>TENPENNY: So there was the
first mandatory vaccination
laws that happened
in the UK in 1853.
That was the first
mandatory vaccination law
that was ever passed
by government.
In 1867, they came out with
another mandatory smallpox
vaccination law that had teeth,
which meant that they could put
you in jail, they could
take all of your property
and sell it, and
all of those things
until you vaccinated your child.
>>NOORY: Sounds like today.
>>TENPENNY: Well, we
have precedents for that.
So could we get to the
point of forcing you to say,
you can't have a
driver's license,
you can't get on
an airplane, you
can't walk into a
grocery store, you
can't do any of these
things unless you
can show that you've
been vaccinated?
>>NOORY: They'll probably
do it in the chip, right?
And so, you walk
through the store
and an alarm goes off because
you haven't been vaccinated.
And everybody looks at you like
you're some common criminal.
>>TENPENNY: Yes, exactly.
>>NOORY: I could
see that happening.
>>TENPENNY: I could
see that happening too.
Because we've gotten
to the place where
this whole vaccination industry
is completely out of control.
>>NOORY: People will
run away from you.
>>TENPENNY: Yes.
>>NOORY: Shopper number eight
has not been vaccinated.
>>TENPENNY: Well, they
do that with parents.
Because somehow these parents
who vaccinate their kids say,
if your kids aren't
vaccinated, I
don't want to play
with your kids.
And that seems to be the
most ludicrous of arguments
because if vaccinations work
and they protect your kids who
are vaccinated, why should you
care if this child over here
is unvaccinated?
There's nothing for you
to be concerned about.
But that's another one of
those indoctrination things
that is happening.
>>NOORY: They've done a great
job with the fear factor.
>>TENPENNY: They have
absolutely done that.
>>NOORY: Sad, scary.
Where does it go?
How do people fight back?
>>TENPENNY: I think
that parents need
to really find a
like-minded community.
Find a like-minded
community that
supports the way that they do
things in terms of their food
and their water
and their vaccines.
And I think it's
all about education.
People still don't know, George.
That's why I'm so glad that we
can have these conversations.
Because there are still
millions of people
that don't understand the risks.
And I think that we need
to take this information
to your local first
responders, and your police,
and your firefighters,
and take them down
to the grassroot people.
It will never be
a top-down change.
The government won't suddenly
say, oh sorry, we were wrong.
That will never happen.
>>NOORY: Are people waking up?
>>TENPENNY: People are
definitely waking up.
There are tens of millions of
more people that are awake now
and concerned about this
than there ever were before.
>>NOORY: The Hepatitis
B shot, it's out there.
It's in the marketplace.
Restaurateurs now are
being forced to get it.
Waiters are being told,
you have to get it.
How did this pop
up all of a sudden?
>>TENPENNY: Well, actually,
that's the Hepatitis A vaccine.
And the Hepatitis A
vaccine is because they
believe that Hepatitis A,
which is a very benign illness,
is spread through fecal matter.
So people who are food handlers,
and maybe haven't appropriately
washed their hands,
can spread that.
I know, that's kind of
disgusting, isn't it?
But they haven't
washed their hands.
And so that fecal matter
gets in the food processing
from the place
where they're picked
from the plant, all the
way through the processing,
to the restaurant,
to on the table.
Anywhere along that
way somebody could
have had fecal
matter on their hands
and gotten it into your food.
But that has to
also be associated
with having that person
had Hepatitis A. So
that virus is supposed to be in
the food chain, which it's not.
It's just one of those things,
they created a vaccine.
It's one of the most
worthless ones ever.
Because first of all,
it's highly reactogenic.
People can have all kinds
of neurological side effects
from it.
And if you get Hepatitis A, what
does that infection look like?
It looks like the flu.
You get nausea, vomiting,
lots of diarrhea.
You get jaundiced.
You turned yellow for
a week to 10 days.
Goes away with a
lifetime of immunity.
No long term complications
with your liver,
no long term complications
with anything.
But yet, we say we have
to have a vaccine for it.
>>NOORY: Sherri, I'm glad
you're out there pushing.
If people want more
information on what you do,
where do they go?
How do they find you?
>>TENPENNY: Two
places that I like
to send out a lot
of information.
One is through my
Facebook page, which
is Dr. Tenpenny on Vaccines.
We have almost 100,000
people, 100,000 fans now
getting that word out.
My website is drtenpenny.com.
And that gives you all
sorts of information.
The Vaccine Research
Library, which is my website,
has over 6,000 articles
in it on problems
associated with vaccines.
>>NOORY: Right.
Thanks, Sherri.
>>TENPENNY: Thank
you so much, George.
>>NOORY: Read up on vaccines.
Read up on diseases.
And then you decide.
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief".